After the system verifies the purchase's payments details, the supplier confirms the purchase. The system asks for shipment details. The system supports paying with credit cards. If a customer pays with a credit card, the system approves first the payment by contacting the credit card company. When the system completes recording an order, the supplier can ship the ordered products to the customer. The system sends the shipping documents via email. When the system finalizes a software order details, the supplier ships the ordered product via email. The system sends the shipping documents. The system supports different shipping options. However, if a customer buys a very small product, the system supports only air mail shipping. The system displays the available products. When a registered customer buys a product, the system updates the inventory. The system supports paying with gift cards. If a customer pays with a gift card, the system supports only land shipping. A customer can track the purchase status. The system provides details on the product delivery status. The system presents the product return page. If the customer returns a product, the system updates the inventory. The system presents the product page. When a supplier enters new products, the system updates the catalog. The system enables customers writing reviews on products. When a customer reviews a product, the system sends the product review to the relevant supplier. When a supplier receives new products, he enters the new products to the system. The system updates the catalog. When the system presents the available products list, a customer can purchase a product. The system updates the shopping cart. The system presents the ordering page. If a customer purchases a product, the system updates the inventory. When the system finalizes a software order details, the supplier ships the ordered product via email. The system updates the product delivery status. When the system validates purchase details, the supplier confirms the purchase. The system clears the shopping cart. The system supports paying with PayPal. If a customer pays with PayPal, the System verifies the PayPal payment information. The system provide tracking options. When a customer tracks the product's order status, the system presents the shipment details. The system can handle product return. If a customer returns a damaged product, the system sends a negative review on the product to the supplier. The system allows canceling an order. If a customer cancels an order that has not been shipped, the system refunds the payment. The system allows canceling an order. When a customer cancels an order that has been shipped, the system updates the payment by including the goods return impact. The system can maintain product reviews. If a registered customer reviews a product, the system stores the product review, by product category.